How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   

Fill in your answer here


It showed the location and snippets of the new/old file text where the files differed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?



Fill in your answer here
Undo when something new doesn't work as expected.



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    

Fill in your answer here


The resolution fo saving too often may be too fine. Manually after significant changes are often better.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
 files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

Fill in your answer here

Because Git is for tracking software projects which usual consist of multiple inter-related files.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    

Fill in your answer here

I don't klnow git.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    
Fill in your answer here
Because you can more easily recover from mistakes.



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
Keepass

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Recovery, avoidance of similar mistakes...

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Commit when it is just right

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Used for different purposes (e.g. non-related documents, versus multiple file software projects)